Update security-overview.md (#758)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/security/security-overview.md

As an [administrator in Fabric](../admin/admin-overview.md), you get to control capabilities for the entire organization. Fabric enables delegation of the admin role to capacities, workspaces, and domains. By delegating admin responsibilities to the right people, you can implement a model that lets several key admins control general Fabric settings across the organization, while other admins who are in charge of settings related to specific areas.

Using various tools, admins can also [monitor](../admin/admin-overview.md#monitor) key Fabric aspects such as capacity consumption.

> ## Audit Logs

Reviewer: Why are you updating the security doc instead of the Fabric audit log docs like https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/fabric/admin/track-user-activities or https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/fabric/admin/service-admin-portal-audit-logs?

Reviewer 2: We're also updating the audit log docs - that's a separate effort. Good call!

> If you would like to view your audit logs, you may follow the instructions [here](../admin/track-user-activities.md) You may also refer [here] (../admin/operation-list.md) to see what all activities are available for searching in the audit logs.
> Please note that there was an internal issue causing OneLake audit events not to be shown in the M365 Admin center from 4/21 through 5/6. You may request this data if need be through support channels.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To view your audit logs, follow the instructions in [Track user activities in Microsoft Fabric](../admin/track-user-activities.md). You can also refer to the [Operation list](../admin/operation-list.md) to see which activities are available for searching in the audit logs.

Note that an internal issue caused OneLake audit events to not be shown in the Microsoft 365 Admin center from 4/21 through 5/6. You can request this data if need be through support channels.
```
